Attach namespace extensions to the root of the doc (#3890)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/mk-set-root-extensions-2024-6-18-19-20-36.md

---
changeKind: feature
packages:
  - "@typespec/openapi3"
---

> Adds extensions defined on a namespace to the root of the OAS document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@extension` used on the service namespace will set extension at the root of the document
```
